chore(backend, clerk-js): Deprecate metadata updates in user update methods (#8587)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/deprecate-update-user-metadata.md

Reviewer: Let's split this into separate changesets so each package changelog stays focused 👍🏼 

1. for backend
2. for clerk-js and shared

Author: done

---
'@clerk/backend': minor
---

> Add `clerkClient.users.replaceUserMetadata(userId, params)` for full-replacement metadata updates. Deprecate the `publicMetadata`, `privateMetadata`, and `unsafeMetadata` parameters on `clerkClient.users.updateUser` — use `updateUserMetadata` for partial updates (deep merge) or `replaceUserMetadata` for full replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `clerkClient.users.replaceUserMetadata(userId, params)` for replacing a user's metadata fields in full.

Use `replaceUserMetadata` when the provided metadata should become the complete value for that metadata field:

~~~ts
await clerkClient.users.replaceUserMetadata(userId, {
  publicMetadata: { plan: 'pro' },
});
~~~

Use `clerkClient.users.updateUserMetadata(userId, params)` when you want to partially update metadata with deep-merge semantics:

~~~ts
await clerkClient.users.updateUserMetadata(userId, {
  publicMetadata: { onboardingComplete: true },
});
~~~

The `publicMetadata`, `privateMetadata`, and `unsafeMetadata` parameters on `clerkClient.users.updateUser()` are now deprecated. They continue to work, but new code should use `updateUserMetadata()` for partial updates or `replaceUserMetadata()` for full replacement.
```

Author: done
